
- Prof Fashoto (Lecturer and Mentor)
    - Senior lecturer 
    - 
    Brian is smart, passionate, and hardworking boy doing BSc in IT at UNESWA. I started recognizinig him in my classes
    during his first year as he could always standout. he also caught my attention when he was tirelessly working on a 
    hackathon in 2022 - his efforts surpassed my expectation given that he was still in first year. From then I took him under my 
    mentorship and he has already attended one of the prestigious conference in AI which is IJCAI. with my supervision, he
    made a study on the applications of tree-based algorithms for financial inclusion in africa and he was selected to present
    that study in the conference. in addition to that, he has done so many project while learning machine learning, naturual language process,
    computer vision, and explainable AI.


- Jeremiah (CEO and Chief Data Scientist and eTihuku Technologies)
    - eTihuku intership
    - 
    during his intership at eTihuku Technologies, brian really showcased his skills and ability to learn within a short period of time.
    All the tasks allocated to him were accomplished within the given time and if he had challenges, he would consult his manager and the
    other members of the data team to seek for solutions. what could stick out to me is the hunger for knowledge and the incredible rate of 
    knowledge absorption which led to the success of his first ever professional intership. it is the culture of our company to have
    knowledge sharing sessions and he beautifly delivered two well-researched presentations during this intership. I can safely say that in a
    few years, he will be one of the best data Scientist.

- Prof Hatem (mentor under DLI mentorship)
    - advising and writing a paper
    - 
    I met Brian when he was assigned for my assistance in the deep learning indaba mentoring programme. at the time, he was 
    planning to do research on sentiment analysis in Swahili and with the little time we had, we were able to start new project
    from scratch. I encouraged him to collect data on social media platforms, clean, annotate, and visualize it for his own language, siSwati. He came back with a report
    in just two weeks time and I guided him, together with his colleague, to experiemnt different machine and deep learning models.
    Thereafter we worked collaboratively on writing a paper title "siSwatiSent: Sentiment Analysis Dataset for siSwati".

- Liam (VP and co-CTO at Nubi)
    - Job at Nubi

- Philile (research)
    - research experience

for each recommendation I need:
> current position held by reference
> relationship or what linked me with the reference
> picture(straight from linkedin)
> linkedin account(icon with a hyperlink)
> Text section(italic and between quotes)